# V2.1 Upgrade

### Prerequisites

1. Truffle Deployer Key ("Deployer Key")
2. Proxy Admin Key ("Admin Key")

### Steps

1. Ensure that the `config.js` file in the project root folder is configured
   with the correct values. The environment variables `PROXY_ADMIN_ADDRESS`,
   `PROXY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`, and `LOST_AND_FOUND_ADDRESS` must be defined.

2. Set the `NETWORK` variable to the network that you will like to deploy to in
   your terminal. Ensure that the `NETWORK` that the contracts are to be
   deployed to are defined in [`./truffle-config.js`](../truffle-config.js).

   ```sh
   $ NETWORK=<mainnet|ropsten>;
   ```

3. Look for the `deploy_v2_1` and `deploy_v2_1_upgrader` scripts in
   [`./migrations/`](../migrations/). Set the `MIGRATION_START` and
   `MIGRATION_END` variables based off the migration numbers of these scripts.

   ```sh
   $ MIGRATION_START=<first_migration_number>
   $ MIGRATION_END=<last_migration_number>
   ```

4. Run Truffle migrations using the Deployer Key, and get the address of the
   newly deployed `V2_1Upgrader` contract.

   ```sh
   $ yarn migrate --network ${NETWORK} --f ${MIGRATION_START} --to ${MIGRATION_END}
   ...
   ...
   Dry-run successful. Do you want to proceed with real deployment?  >> (y/n): y
   ...
   ...
   >>>>>>> Deployed V2_1Upgrader at 0x12345678 <<<<<<<
   ```

5. Verify that the upgrader contract is deployed correctly. Verify that the
   values returned by `proxy()`, `implementation()`, `newProxyAdmin()`, and
   `lostAndFound()` on the `V2_1Upgrader` contract are correct.

6. Using the Admin Key, transfer the proxy admin role to the `V2_1Upgrader`
   contract address by calling `changeAdmin(address)` method on the
   `FiatTokenProxy` contract.

7. Send 0.20 FiatToken (eg USDC) to the `V2_1Upgrader` contract address.
   (200,000 tokens)

8. Using the Deployer Key, call `upgrade()` (`0xd55ec697`) method on the
   `V2_1Upgrader`.

#### IF THE UPGRADE TRANSACTION SUCCEEDS

- Verify that the proxy admin role is transferred back to the Admin Key.
- No further action needed.

#### IF THE UPGRADE TRANSACTION FAILS

- If the transaction fails, any state change that happened during the `upgrade`
  function call will be reverted.
- Call `abortUpgrade()` (`0xd8f6a8f6`) method on the `V2_1Upgrader` contract to
  tear it down.
