# V2.2 Upgrade

### Prerequisites

1. Truffle Deployer Key ("Deployer Key")
2. Proxy Admin Key ("Admin Key")
3. A list of currently blacklisted accounts stored in `blacklist.remote.json`

### Preparation

1. Get the contract creation block number for the target FiatTokenProxy contract
   either using a block explorer, or the command below.

   ```sh
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/getContractCreationBlock.js ${FiatTokenProxy address} --network ${NETWORK}
   ```

2. Get a list of accounts that are currently blacklisted on the target
   FiatTokenProxy contract by running the following command. `startBlockNumber`
   should be set to the contract creation block number of the target
   FiatTokenProxy contract.

   ```sh
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/getBlacklistedAccounts.js ${FiatTokenProxy address} ${startBlockNumber} --network ${NETWORK}
   ```

### Steps

1. Ensure that the `config.js` file in the project root folder is configured
   with the correct values. The environment variables `PROXY_ADMIN_ADDRESS`,
   `PROXY_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` must be defined.

2. Set the `NETWORK` variable to the network that you will like to deploy to in
   your terminal. Ensure that the `NETWORK` that the contracts are to be
   deployed to are defined in [`./truffle-config.js`](../truffle-config.js).

   ```sh
   $ NETWORK=<mainnet|ropsten>;
   ```

3. Look for the `deploy_v2_2` and `deploy_v2_2_upgrader` scripts in
   [`./migrations/`](../migrations/). Set the `MIGRATION_START` and
   `MIGRATION_END` variables based off the migration numbers of these scripts.

   ```sh
   $ MIGRATION_START=<first_migration_number>
   $ MIGRATION_END=<last_migration_number>
   ```

4. Ensure that the `blacklist.remote.json` file in the project root folder is
   configured with the correct list of addresses to blacklist.

5. Run Truffle migrations using the Deployer Key, and get the address of the
   newly deployed `V2_2Upgrader` contract.

   ```sh
   $ yarn migrate --network ${NETWORK} --f ${MIGRATION_START} --to ${MIGRATION_END}
   ...
   ...
   Dry-run successful. Do you want to proceed with real deployment?  >> (y/n): y
   ...
   ...
   >>>>>>> Deployed V2_2Upgrader at 0x12345678 <<<<<<<
   ```

6. Verify that the upgrader contract is deployed correctly. Verify that the
   values returned by `proxy()`, `implementation()` and `newProxyAdmin()` on the
   `V2_2Upgrader` contract are correct either using a block explorer, or the
   command below.

   ```sh
   $ yarn compile
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/callContractROFunctions.js --network ${NETWORK} \
      --contract-name V2_2Upgrader --contract-address ${V2_2Upgrader address} \
      proxy implementation newProxyAdmin
   ```

7. Verify that the `V2_2UpgraderHelper` contract is deployed correctly. Retrieve
   the address from the `V2_2Upgrader` contract `helper()` method, and verify
   that the return values of each view methods correspond with the
   `FiatTokenProxy` contract to be upgraded either using a block explorer, or
   the command below.

   ```sh
   $ yarn compile
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/callContractROFunctions.js --network ${NETWORK} \
      --contract-name V2_2Upgrader --contract-address ${V2_2Upgrader address} \
      helper
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/callContractROFunctions.js --network ${NETWORK} \
      --contract-name V2_2UpgraderHelper --contract-address ${V2_2UpgraderHelper address} \
      name symbol decimals currency masterMinter fiatTokenOwner pauser blacklister version DOMAIN_SEPARATOR rescuer paused totalSupply

   # Compare results above with
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/callContractROFunctions.js --network ${NETWORK} \
      --contract-name FiatTokenV2_1 --contract-address ${FiatTokenProxy address} \
      name symbol decimals currency masterMinter fiatTokenOwner pauser blacklister version DOMAIN_SEPARATOR rescuer paused totalSupply
   ```

8. Verify that the list of accounts to blacklist is correct, and is set
   correctly in the upgrader contract. Run the following command to check the
   list.

   ```sh
   $ yarn truffle exec scripts/validateAccountsToBlacklist.js ${FiatTokenProxy address} ${V2_2Upgrader address} --network=${NETWORK}
   ```

9. Using the Admin Key, transfer the proxy admin role to the `V2_2Upgrader`
   contract address by calling `changeAdmin(address)` method on the
   `FiatTokenProxy` contract.

10. Send 0.20 FiatToken (eg USDC) to the `V2_2Upgrader` contract address.
    (200,000 tokens)

11. Using the Deployer Key, call `upgrade()` (`0xd55ec697`) method on the
    `V2_2Upgrader`.

#### IF THE UPGRADE TRANSACTION SUCCEEDS

- Verify that the proxy admin role is transferred back to the Admin Key.
- No further action needed.

#### IF THE UPGRADE TRANSACTION FAILS

- If the transaction fails, any state change that happened during the `upgrade`
  function call will be reverted.
- Call `abortUpgrade()` (`0xd8f6a8f6`) method on the `V2_2Upgrader` contract to
  tear it down.

### Optional - Testing support for ERC-1271 compatible wallets

FiatToken version 2.2 supports signature validation on the
[ERC-2612](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2612) and
[ERC-3009](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3009) features for
[ERC-1271](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1271) compatible wallets. You may
test this with a sample ERC-1271 wallet to the network.

#### Preparation

1. Prepare a FiatToken version 2.2 contract for testing. If a FiatToken contract
   has never been deployed to the network, follow the steps in the
   [deployment doc](./deployment.md) to deploy the contract to the network.
   Otherwise, follow the [steps](#steps) above to upgrade your FiatToken
   contract to version 2.2.
2. Prepare an address A (Wallet Owner Address) that you own the private key to.
   This address does not require any chain-native token (e.g. ETH) for gas
   usage.
3. Prepare an address B (Relayer Address) that you own the private key to. Add
   some chain-native token (e.g. ETH) to this address to pay for gas.

#### Instructions

1. Look for the `deploy_erc1271_wallet` scripts in
   [`./migrations/`](../migrations/). Set the `MIGRATION_START` and
   `MIGRATION_END` variables based off the migration numbers of these scripts.

   ```sh
   $ MIGRATION_START=<first_migration_number>
   $ MIGRATION_END=<last_migration_number>
   ```

2. Set the `MOCK_ERC1271_WALLET_OWNER_ADDRESS` in your `config.js` file to
   address A.
3. Run Truffle migrations using the Deployer Key, and get the address of the
   newly deployed `MockERC1271Wallet` contract.
   ```sh
   $ yarn migrate --network ${NETWORK} --f ${MIGRATION_START} --to ${MIGRATION_END}
   ...
   ...
   Dry-run successful. Do you want to proceed with real deployment?  >> (y/n): y
   ...
   ...
   >>>>>>> Deployed MockERC1271Wallet at 0x12345678 <<<<<<<
   ```
4. Generate a `permit` transaction signature using address A. This transaction
   signature would update the allowance of a designated spender to pull funds
   from the deployed smart contract wallet (MockERC1271Wallet).
5. Broadcast the signed transaction using address B. You may rely on public
   tools ([example for ETH mainnet](https://etherscan.io/pushTx)) to complete
   this step.
6. The transaction should succeed and the allowance should also be updated. You
   may validate these using a block explorer.
